Review & edit Keycloak external authentication user stories (#3079)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-group-mapping-for-keycloak-authentication.adoc

[id="configuring-group-mapping-for-keycloak-authentication_{context}"]
= Optional: Configuring external group mapping for {keycloak} authentication

> To implement the Role Based Access Control (RBAC), create a group in {Project}, assign a role to this group, and then map an Active Directory group to the {Project} group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the Role Based Access Control (RBAC), create a group in {Project}, assign a role to this group, and then map an {keycloak} group to the {Project} group.
```

As it's about leveraging groups from the external system, Keycloak groups should be more correct here, right? Yes of course you might have a federation from Keycloak to AD, but I see some possible confusion here, when you have configured both AD and Keycloak, and the user might expect being able to link groups from AD even if they are not brought with the group mapping from Keycloak. Maybe I'm also just overthinking this 🙂

As a result, anyone in the given group in {keycloak} will log in under the corresponding {Project} group.

> For example, you can configure users of the {Project}-admin user group defined in Active Directory to authenticate as users with administrator privileges on {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can configure users of the {Project}-admin user group defined in Active Directory to authenticate as users with administrator privileges on {Project}.

If a group mapping is not configured every user will receive the _Default role_ permissions.
```

There was a Forum thread recently, where this was a key point, might be good to add 🙂 
I'm not sure right now if the permissions will get reset on every login, if you manually add a role in Foreman, but I kinda expect that to happen.

Author: I assume it's this one: https://community.theforeman.org/t/default-role-assigned-to-new-user-rh-sso-external-way/38634/2  Adding just for reference.
